the recipe I want to show you is called
chicken paprika and I started off with a
chicken three and a half pounds cut into
four and these have been browned nicely
to give a good golden crust then the
next thing I did was take two medium
onions and Brown them in the oil left in
the pan and I've got those ready browned
here
one thing I like to say about paprika
and that is it does lose its flavor
quite quickly so it's one spice not to
have hanging around in the larder for
too long
now once you've browned the onions the
next thing you do is you add a
tablespoon full of flour to the pan plus
a tablespoon full of paprika
nice heaped tablespoon and then a couple
of pinches of cayenne pepper just to
give it a little list then you stir
those spices into the juices that have
come out of the chicken and onions and
as soon as the dryness has gone out of
it you then add quarter of a pint of
chicken stock now this has been made
with the giblets of the chicken if you
didn't get giblets with your chicken
then you can just use a quarter of a
pint of hot water with a teaspoon full
of tomato puree to enrich it instead of
the chicken stock but chicken stock made
from the giblets is the best thing to
use so stir that in and then the next
ingredient is the contents of a 14-ounce
tin of Italian Tomatoes right there's
the sauce coming along nicely next thing
I'm going to do is to put the chicken
pieces in with the sauce
like that and then you just spoon the
sauce over the chicken pieces and then
put a lid on and you put it in the oven
a preheated oven gasps mark 3 that's 325
degrees Fahrenheit and you cook it for
45 minutes like that and then you add
one other ingredient you take the lifts
lid off and you add this which is one
green pepper peeled and chopped so after
45 minutes in goes the green pepper lid
back on and then give it another half an
hour at the same temperature and then
you add something else to it to make a
really delicious sauce and I've got one
in the oven now so I'll show you how to
do that I've left my heat on because I
want to put it over direct heat if
possible while I finish off and the last
thing is a quarter of a pint of soured
cream which is what they use in Hungary
quite a lot for cooking and what you do
is you just stir in the soured cream I'm
going to switch to a larger spoon here
and just let it have a nice marbled
effect spoon it over each piece of
chicken so you've got that lovely sort
of red and white marbled effect and then
before it goes to the table just
sprinkle on a little bit more paprika
just to make it look pretty and I would
serve that with some buttered noodles
rice would be nice too but buttered
noodles too